Every citizen may speak, write and print freely; he must take responsibility for the abuse of such liberty in cases determined by the law.
The most successful of these clubs was that of the Jacobins, which got its name from the former convent of St Jacob in Paris.
But members of the third estate demanded that voting now be conducted by the assembly as a whole, where each member would have one vote.
The aim of every political association is the preservation of the natural and inalienable rights of man; these are liberty, property, security and resistance to oppression.
The revolutionary governments took it upon themselves to pass laws that would translate the ideals of liberty and equality into everyday practice.
The National Assembly held long debates about whether the rights of man should be extended to all French subjects including those in the colonies.
As you know, a republic is a form of government where the people elect the government including the head of the government.
It was sung for the first time by volunteers from Marseilles as they marched into Paris and so got its name.
But the reluctance of Europeans to go and work in distant and unfamiliar lands meant a shortage of labour on the plantations.
But it did not pass any laws, fearing opposition from businessmen whose incomes depended on the slave trade.
They all described and discussed the events and changes taking place in France.
Women could now train for jobs, could become artists or run small businesses.
In time of Revolution a democratic go vernment ma y rely on terror.
As a result, the government acquired assets worth at least 2 billion livres.
It was named after Dr Guillotin who invented it.
The queen Marie Antoinette met with the same fate shortly after.
Most people were protesting against the high price of bread.
To meet its regular expenses, such as the cost of maintaining an army, the court, running government offices or universities, the state was forced to increase taxes.
These included a direct tax, called taille, and a number of indirect taxes which were levied on articles of everyday consumption like salt or tobacco.
The news that Louis XVI planned to impose further taxes to be able to meet the expenses of the state generated anger and protest against the system of privileges.
Accounts of lived experiences in the Old Regime
The Outbreak of the Revolution
Rather he had to call a meeting of the Estates General which would then pass his proposals for new taxes.
On 5 May 1789, Louis XVI called together an assembly of the Estates General to pass proposals for new taxes.
Voting in the Estates General in the past had been conducted according to the principle that each estate had one vote.
When the king rejected this proposal, members of the third estate walked out of the assembly in protest.
On the night of 4 August 1789, the Assembly passed a decree abolishing the feudal system of obligations and taxes.
The revolutionary journalist Jean-Paul Marat commented in his newspaper L’Ami du peuple ( The friend of the people) on the Constitution drafted by the National Assembly: ‘The task of representing the people has been given to the rich ... the lot of the poor and oppressed will never be improved by peaceful means alone.
Rulers of other neighbouring countries too were worried by the developments in France and made plans to send troops to put down the events that had been taking place there since the summer of 1789.
